Feature/update kelon docs (#3)
Foundato/kelon-docs: docs/operations/Deployment.md

# Deployment

> Besides using Kelon as Gateway with a proxy or as plugin in a Service-Mesh, it can also be deployed standalone and integrated in your existing services with just a few lines of extra code.

Author: I think first part "Besides using Kelon as Gateway with a proxy or as plugin in a Service-Mesh" should be removed, too?

Reviewer: You are totally right. I would go ahead with something like this:
```suggestion
Kelon can be easily integrated in your existing services with just a few lines of extra code by either integrating it in each service or i.e. your API-Gateway.
```
